do: websockets reorder (#20855)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/durable-objects/best-practices/websockets.mdx

import { Tabs, TabItem, GlossaryTooltip, Type } from "~/components";

This guide covers how to use Durable Objects as WebSocket servers that can connect thousands of clients (per instance), as well as a WebSocket client to connect to other servers or even Durable Objects.

There are two sets of WebSockets API 

> 1. Using the native Durable Object WebSocket API, which allow your Durable Object to hibernate when not actively doing work without disconnecting clients **recommended**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Native Durable Object WebSocket API, which allows your Durable Object to hibernate when not actively doing work without disconnecting clients **(recommended)**
```
